
Index

IT Consulting
& Services
If you need any help with Linux system administration, Docker, Cloud Hosting, Wordpress, OpenCart, PrestaShop,
Marketing Automation, Mautic, Selfhosted Email Server, Automated Blogging, Host Migration, and Twando Twitter Automation.

Find out more 

Our Services
Great online business solutions at great rates.

VPS
Hosting
Setup your site on a VPS hosting server, for reliable and stable performance. 

Learn More

Docker & Traefik
Have multiple full-stack environments on a single instance to reduce costs.

Backup and Migration
MySql database backup and migration from one hosting provider to another. Including full WordPress sites. 

SSL Certificate
Make sure your site SSL certificate is approved and your site is protected.

Marketing Automation
Mautic is the opensource Marketing Automation solution that helps to build custom drip campaigns. 

Sales Funnel
Build on-page and off-page sales funnels using Woocomerce plugins to maximize your profit and optimize customer value.

Ready to find out more?
If you wish to know more about how we could help you and your online business in building a vertically integrated online sales funnel that does not require expansive 3rd party SAAS and can streamline the operational fixed costs down to just a server and a domain name.
Please contact us and request a free consultation.

Contact Us

Tel. 0274308997
Email. yaroslavkhmel@hotmail.com


Why Choose Us?

01. Competitive Prices:

We work with clients directly, cutting out any middlemen and passing the savings onto you. 

02. Prompt Delivery:

We value your time, all wp-projects are deployment-ready within 7 days or less.

03. Customization: 

We work to your specification to ensure that the site will perform all the required functions, from landing pages to checkout carts and more. 

04. After-sale service:

We offer ongoing adjustments, tweaks, and maintenance services to all previous clients of a fraction of the price.

05. 100% Satisfaction Guarantee:

If for any reason our work is not to your satisfaction, we will refund you.


VPS 
Hosting

What is VPS and why should you care about it?
VPS stands for Virtual Private Server, and the term is usually used when referring to VPS hosting. It’s also often confused with VPN, although VPS and VPN are two different things.

VPS hosting is typically a natural next step after you’ve run into the limitations of a traditional shared hosting plan. 

This kind of server environment operates similarly to a dedicated server. However, instead of a single physical server, you’re sharing multiple physical servers, which are linked together through virtualization technologies.

There are many differences between VPS hosting and shared hosting due to the virtualization technologies employed in VPS hosting. Even though you might be sharing the same physical server there won’t be any overlap in resource use, and the other VPS accounts won’t affect your site in any way. 

Here are the most common reasons website owners decide to upgrade to VPS hosting. 

1. High Level of Performance
If you currently have a slow loading website, then you’re doing a disservice to your visitors and your website as a whole. If you’ve been utilizing shared hosting and have been noticing a drop in performance, then one of the first things you’ll notice is an improvement in your loading speeds and overall site performance.

VPS hosting is equipped to handle higher traffic levels right out of the gate. Plus, you have the ability to scale your server resources if your needs expand over time.

2. Improved Overall Security
When your site starts to grow in popularity there’s a chance you’ll start to experience more security threats. Even if you’ve done everything in your power to harden your site’s security you could still be experiencing issues. In this case, it’s time to upgrade your hosting.

VPS hosting offers you very high levels of security. You’re not only completely protected from other sites using the same physical server, but you’ll be able to implement other security hardening protocols as well.

3. Great Value Pricing
VPS hosting might not be in everyone’s budget, but it offers a great value for the resources you have access to. Essentially, you’re getting access to a dedicated server at the fraction of the cost.

Plus, with VPS hosting you’ll be enabling higher levels of performance and elevating the security protocols surrounding your site. When compared to shared hosting you’re getting a serious upgrade in hosting quality without a massive jump in price.

4. Greater Server Access and Customization
VPS web hosting will generally provide you with a greater level of server access, along with the ability to customize your server environment as you see fit. Some, like WordPress VPS hosting, will have certain restrictions for plugin use and overall configuration. However, others will operate more or less like a clean slate, allowing you to choose your operating system and build whatever configuration will supercharge your site the most.

Keep in mind that some hosts will also offer managed VPS web hosting, which means that the majority of the technical tasks required to manage your server will be taken care of by their teams. This option will help to free up your time and ensure your server is always fully optimized according to your website’s specifications.

< Back


Docker & 
Traefik

What is Docker and why is it so darn popular?
Docker is hotter than hot because it makes it possible to get far more apps running on the same old servers and it also makes it very easy to package and ship programs.

With the release of Docker 1.0 in June 2014, the buzz became a roar. And, over the years, it's only got louder. 

All the noise is happening because companies are adopting Docker at a remarkable rate. 

Numerous businesses had already moved their server applications from virtual machines (VM) to containers.

According to Docker, over 3.5 million applications have been placed in containers using Docker technology and over 37 billion containerized applications have been downloaded.

It's not just Docker who thinks they're on to something big. 451 Research also sees Docker technology being wildly successful. It predicts "the application container market will explode over the next five years. 

Docker enables developers to easily pack, ship, and run any application as a lightweight, portable, self-sufficient container, which can run virtually anywhere.

In addition, Docker containers are easy to deploy in a cloud.

< Back


Backup and Migration 

Are you frustrated with your WordPress hosting provider?
Not sure whether you should switch hosts? Here are key indicators to help you know when it’s time to change your web hosting. 

1. Frequent Unexpected Downtimes
Downtimes are bad for your overall reputation (SEO rankings, traffic, etc). Nobody wants to visit a site that doesn’t open half the time.

If your site is down multiple times a week, then it’s a crystal clear indication that you need to switch.

2. Error Establishing Database Connection
If you regularly see error establishing a database connection on your site, then it means that you’re outgrowing your host servers or have a bad plugin.

In either case, your host support should be able to help you. If they’re unable to help, then you should switch to someone who will help.

3. Bizarre Internal Server Errors
The internal server error is one of the most common WordPress errors and perhaps the most frustrating one as well. The error message itself is unable to point the user in the right direction to fix it.

If these internal server errors are becoming too frequent on your site, then that’s a bad sign. Find your self a WordPress hosting provider that knows how to properly configure their servers for WordPress.

4. Poor Customer Support Service
You’ll never find a host with 100% great customer service record. It’s just impossible to keep everyone happy. Not to mention, only the most pissed off users leave web hosting reviews.

Having that said, good customer service is crucial when it comes to web hosting. You need to ask yourself the following questions: Is your hosting support staff quick to respond? Are they knowledgeable and helpful?

5. Your Site Has Outgrown Your Host
If you have been blogging for a while, then it’s possible that your site has outgrown your host. On a shared hosting platform, your site shares the server resources with many other sites hosted on the same server. While you can control and limit the resources you use by using caching + CDN, you have no control over what other sites are doing.

If your site is much busier than other sites on the same server, then you will be actually slowing down other sites. Many shared hosting providers will then start terminating your resources without any warning. If you start having issues with slow sites or finding yourself spending more time explaining the problem to customer support, then it’s probably likely that you’ve outgrown your host.

< Back


SSL Certificate

Is SSL important? Do I need SSL?
If you own a website or a blog in 2020, you need SSL. It’s as simple as that. An SSL certificate is no longer a luxury; it’s an out and out necessity nowadays.

Here are the five key benefits of using an SSL certificate.

1. SSL Protects Data
The core function of an SSL certificate is to protect server-client communication. On installing SSL, every bit of information is encrypted. In layman’s terms, the data is locked and can only be unlocked by the intended recipient (browser or server) as no one else can have the key to open it. While dealing with sensitive data such as IDs, passwords, credit card numbers, etc., SSL helps you protect against the mischievous army of hackers and skimmers. As the data is turned into an undecipherable format by SSL, hacker’s skills prove to be an edgeless sword against the unsurpassable encryption technology of SSL certificates.

2. SSL Affirms Your Identity
The second primary task of an SSL certificate is to provide authentication to a website. Identity verification is one of the most important aspects as far as web security is concerned. There is no doubt about the fact that the internet is increasingly deceptive. There have been cases in which people have lost thousands of dollars on fake websites. This is where the SSL certificate comes into play.

3. Better Search Engine Ranking
In 2014, Google made changes to its algorithm in order to give the upper hand to HTTPS-enabled websites. This has been evident in various studies conducted by SEO experts around the world. 

4. SSL Helps You Satisfy PCI/DSS Requirements
If you accept online payments, you must know a thing or two about PCI/DSS requirements. To receive online payments, your website must be PCI compliant. Having an SSL certificate installed is one of the 12 primary requirements set by the payment card industry (PCI).

5. SSL Improves Customer Trust
Apart from encryption and authentication, SSL certificates are vital from a customer trust point of view. The easy to identify signs inform the users that the data they send will be secured. Once they know that you’re a legitimate entity, they’re far more likely to do business with you or even revisit your site.

< Back


Marketing Automation

What exactly is marketing automation and why do you need it?
It’s pretty simple. Marketers who use marketing automation software tend to outperform marketers that don’t.

So What Exactly is Marketing Automation?
Marketing automation is a software platform that streamlines, automates, and measures marketing tasks and workflows. This allows you to be more efficient, increase revenue and grow into a more powerful marketing team.

That’s the simple definition. But, what workflows are we talking about? Here are some of the things marketing automation allows you to do more effectively:

Email marketing
Landing page creation
Cross-channel marketing campaigns
Lead generation
Segmentation
Lead nurturing and scoring
Cross-sell and up-sell
Retention
Measuring ROI
Website personalization

These strategies should all be relatively familiar, but without the right equipment, they can be hard to accomplish. When your marketing team is growing, there comes a point at which you can no longer manage 1:1 connections with customers using the manual tools you have available. That’s when automation comes in handy.

When Do You Need Marketing Automation?
Here’s a quick test to give you an idea of what marketing automation can do for you. Answer the following questions honestly about your own organization:

Can you identify, track and, engage individual buyers online?
Can you look at a list of customers and prioritize them based on fit and likelihood to buy?
Are you filtering leads based on the level of engagement and interest?
Can you measure the revenue contribution of every single one of your marketing campaigns?
Can you do all of these things without wanting to tear your hair out?

No? If you had marketing automation, you could.

What Marketing Automation Isn’t
Maybe the biggest misconception about marketing automation is that it’s just for your marketing team, or that only the marketing team will benefit from it. Yes, your marketing team will use the software, but it has immense benefits for your sales department as well. Marketing automation makes sales reps’ lives easier by helping you define leads more effectively and lead a smoother transition to sales.

Why Marketing Automation, and Why Now?
In short, marketing automation allows departments to demonstrate the ROI of their campaigns. The ability to demonstrate the effectiveness of campaigns is helping marketing departments move from cost centers to revenue generators.

When marketing teams are able to prove how their campaigns impact the bottom line, they continue to gain more budgeting for marketing programs. With more support for their marketing campaigns, marketers are better able to try things out, get creative, and execute new campaigns that will empower a lead generation.

< Back


Sales Funnel

Sales Funnels: What They Are & Why Your Business Needs Them Now
Here we will cover the definition of a sales funnel, the phases a potential buyer goes through, what role marketing plays in your sales funnel, and ultimately why you need sales funnels as a part of your business strategy.

Definition of a sales funnel
A sales funnel isn’t as intimidating as it sounds. Essentially, it’s the process potential customers go through to become customers. The word “funnel” is used, because of the shape of the funnel mimics the number of people that go throughout the sales funnel process.

The top of the funnel is the widest because this is where the beginning stages of awareness occur, while the bottom is for paying customers. The goal is to funnel down your prospective customers into ones who are serious about purchasing.

The steps of a sales funnel
There are several phases of a sales funnel as you move further and further down the funnel. Below is a quick description of each phase.

Awareness: Potential customers start to become aware of your products (for example blog readers who are looking for a solution to a problem they have).

Interest: Potential customers start to become interested in your product (for example email subscribers).

Evaluation: Potential customers evaluate your products compared to your competitors.

Decision: Potential customers decide to make a purchase.

Purchase: Potential customers become actual customers, success!

Depending on what you’re selling, your sales funnel might be a longer process than others.

Products and services that are larger in price might need longer sales to funnel and points of contact than cheap ones.

How marketing fits into your sales funnel
Marketing is essential in nearly all phases of the sales funnel, but it is especially important in the beginning phases, particularly the awareness phase.

Marketing your products online using social media and paid advertising is essential during the awareness phase because these are places where potential customers can find you and your products.

What types of marketing go with the phases of the sales funnel? Blogging is great for generating awareness of your product and business.

You can share your blog post on other platforms such as Pinterest or Facebook. Opt-ins are great for generating interest in your product.

Who needs a sales funnel
But in all seriousness, everyone who is selling a product or a service needs a proper sales funnel strategy.

Without mapping out a sales funnel strategy, your marketing efforts may not get you aware because your potential customers are unclear as to what the next steps are in the purchasing process.

You want to nurture your potential leads to the point where they realize they can’t live without buying your product or service.

Why you need a sales funnel
Having a set sales funnel (or multiple sales funnels) gives you the opportunity to not always be chasing the next sale, which is what we all want, right?

Mapping out a sales funnel will help you be consistent with your marketing and helps you measure the progress you make in each phase. Measuring your progress is imperative because you can start to identify what phase people fall off and start making adjustments.

Great sales funnels build trust and credibility over time by providing incredibly valuable content. Gaining their trust will give your potential customers, even more, an incentive to buy from you.

< Back







































